After the SEED program is initialized, a seed.json file is generated in the same working directory. This file contains the hash value generated by the initialization password. This hash value is used to verify password each time the program is being launched. In addition, seed.json file also contains a seed ciphertext, which is used to recover the seed plaintext together with the password. The seed plaintext is used to verify if the backup is successful. A hidden .seed.json.md5 file will be generated as well. The program will fail to start if any contents in the json or md5 file are 
jeopardized. The seed.json file looks like the json below:

```json
{  
   "hash":"IpIkgRObSSRMn6LoQ+Goq7FILViVlXJJZXMo4DiZbgbjt2L0QfAhcc2Eu3228P1Wb9XNqgA7wH5NY7JaREHjx+mqdhtPVtiCzNPrFQI1YfM=",
   "seed":"I8fM8r2++rN7r0cGZayrBpJ2CADAMCLkC83S+h2p7i3RvhhIuYM7VcH4Wf/fVdfy9WKxM1wGqx0VWxJARgcx3lp8NpzPX4f3vm0fYUOYwnE="
}
```
<br>

Backup steps are as below:
1. Complete the SEED program initialization first.
2. Paste command and enter the correct password:

```bash
./seed --path=./workpath/  --verify
```

3. Backup the seed plaintext and seed MD5.
4. Backup the seed.json and.seed.json.md5 file under SEED program's directory.
5. Copy the backed-up seed.json and .seed.json.md5 files to another computer under the SEED program directory (delete the seed.json file first if this SEED program has been initialized).
6. Paste command and give the correct password: 

```bash
./seed --path=./workpath/ --verify,
```

7. Compare the appeared seed plaintext and seed MD5 with the one you backed up earlier. If they are identical, the backup is successful.

```bash
	$ ./seed --verify
	data path: "./", port: "8899".
	Please input passowrd.
	->
	Password is correct.
	config.json md5[99914b932bd37a50b983c5e7c90ae93b] pass check
	data.json md5[ad697bd7523f16e8476e85eda517b8c9] pass check
	seed.json md5[4e6040c5325b54aec1558bd4997eb392] pass check
	Seed:  d14f7f3f3ad991824e6159efe8ef479ef08992f028185983cbd1357c95141a82
	You are verifying the seed now.
	Seed:     d14f7f3f................95141a82
	Seed MD5: 832368cdebd44d8c075c413ecf578b42
	Verification finished. Please start the server again.
```